is already taken and that is why the whole country
before they had invested
Tony said
top scorer of the season team
but this time more
in criciúma the team
because I've been there
big big samba
I'm sure it will happen with the resumption
the main novelty
for the Europe
it would then be possible to leave bow figures of the most
aggressive
in December
district military said the trainer
I feel very happy in the starting team.
Aurora
toni
and so
unfortunately
opportunity were abolished
our obligation is theirs
it does not matter that changing new city
the other silver medal
the approved budget also allows for the final report of the condor operation
You're not even bound to score.
according to the councilman of the environment of the lousada chamber and ball and
ended up losing control of the vehicle and collided with a truck and a motorcycle in the
intersection with the white river avenue and the rua da carioca and the
waterfront
just now
so he is not entitled to three goals
at the end of 2009
maybe not
by agreeing with the people
he picks up a plant for mayor
the fight again
to the area of ​​freedom
of course not true
knows that land to make a living
she carried it up to the bakery robert she was winning
this is the rule that will add
this is the truth to cooperate
the girl who for the lack of electricity I'm not talking about a
naval base the main issue now
our will is a little like
the son of Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi
dr
I was happy with our